<h1>NTS Electrical Services Belfast, Northern Ireland</h1>
<h2>24hr Emergency Electrician in Newtownabbey</h2><p>  </p><h2>Noel The Spark is NTS</h2><p>  </p><p>NTS Electrical Services also known as `Noel the spark` as heard on Johnny Hero’s show on U105FM.</p><p>  </p><p>Here at NTS some of the work carried out by us on a monthly cycle would be grant work, we also carry out domestic electrical servicing as well as commercial. We are qualified electrical&nbsp;contractors based in Newtownabbey and always work to the highest standards at all times. Noel O’Hare is not just a man who connects a few wires and hopes your lights work, he is a time served electrician with over 35 year’s experience. He will always work to the best of his abilities in order to provide you with a service that you would expect and works to the highest standard.</p><p>  </p><p>Don’t trust your home or business to just anybody; we hold the highest safety standards within this industry. Trust in our company goes a long way.&nbsp; Time and time again past clients are prepared to wait a short time until we are free to do their jobs.</p><p>  </p><p>Whether you’re looking to have a kitchen rewired, a garage turned into an office, an outside light for your back garden or lights on your driveway, we can call for a visit to discuss your needs. We only advise but the final decisions will always be yours.</p><p>  </p><p>Our speciality is in that we personalise every job to each client. We pride ourselves in our approach to each job. We believe in keeping it clean and tidy. We clear up after each day so you don’t have to worry about that mess following you around your house or business.</p><p>  </p><p>In brief, you should know the following about us: we are one of the longest established electrical contractors in Glengormley.&nbsp; Our company was established in 1994 and has been responsible for providing outstanding electrical service ever since. We put our customers 1st all the time &amp; we provide a 24/7 call out service. Our speciality is in that we personalise every job to each client.</p><p>  </p><p>We only use the best of materials &amp; equipment. Don't you settle for anything less.</p><p>  </p><p>Our regular customers particularly value our friendly service and that we are always at the end of a phone in time of need.</p><p>  </p><p>Our business is located at 27 Carnmoney Road Newtownabbey, BT36 6HL.</p><p>  </p><h2>Services we provide:</h2><p>  </p><ul>  <p></p><li><a href="/installation-and-maintenance">Installation &amp; Maintenance</a></li>  <p></p><li><a href="/lighting">Lighting</a></li>  <p></p><li><a href="/alarm-systems">Alarm Systems</a></li>  <p></p><li><a href="/consulting">Consulting</a></li>  <p></p><li><a href="/electrical-testing">Electrical Testing</a></li>  </ul><p>  </p><h2>Contact us</h2><p>  </p><p>Whenever or wherever you need help with your electrical problems, Noel is only a phone call away on the number displayed on this page.&nbsp; Alternatively you can email us via the link from our “<a title="Contact Us Page" href="/contact-us">Contact us</a>” page.</p>